README.md, before:

# project_name

Brief description of what this project does.

## Features

- Feature 1
- Feature 2
- Feature 3

## Requirements

- Python 3.12

## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-user>/project_name.git
cd project_name
uv sync --group dev
```

## Usage

```bash
python -m project_name
```

## Development

This project uses [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) as the package manager and a [Dev Container](https://containers.dev/) for a consistent development environment.

### Quick start

1. Open the repo in VS Code and select **"Reopen in Container"**.
2. The dev container installs Python 3.12, creates a `.venv`, and syncs all dependencies automatically.

### Project structure

```
src/project_name/   # Package source code
tests/              # Tests (pytest)
scripts/            # Helper scripts
```

### Run tests

```bash
pytest
```

### Format & lint

```bash
black .
mypy src/
```

## Docker

```bash
docker build -t project_name .
docker run --rm project_name
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License — see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

chore: update dependabot configuration and workflows
- Updated .github/dependabot.yml to maintain existing configurations.
- Modified .github/workflows/update-lockfile.yml for consistency in lockfile updates.
- Ensured .python-version remains unchanged.
- Updated Dockerfile to set the correct entry point for the application.
- Removed obsolete README-template.md file.
- Updated README.md with project-specific information for "Blades Of The Fallen Realm".
- Changed pyproject.toml to reflect the new project name and description.
- Deleted old project_name module and created new blades_of_the_fallen_realm module.
- Updated uv.lock to reflect new project dependencies and structure.

README.md, after:

# Blades Of The Fallen Realm

Blades Of The Fallen Realm.

## Features

- Feature 1
- Feature 2
- Feature 3

## Requirements

- Python 3.12

## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/francesco-sodano/blades-of-the-fallen-realm.git
cd blades-of-the-fallen-realm
uv sync --group dev
```

## Usage

```bash
python -m blades_of_the_fallen_realm
```

## Development

This project uses [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) as the package manager and a [Dev Container](https://containers.dev/) for a consistent development environment.

### Quick start

1. Open the repo in VS Code and select **"Reopen in Container"**.
2. The dev container installs Python 3.12, creates a `.venv`, and syncs all dependencies automatically.

### Project structure

```
src/blades_of_the_fallen_realm/   # Package source code
tests/                            # Tests (pytest)
scripts/                          # Helper scripts
```

### Run tests

```bash
pytest
```

### Format & lint

```bash
black .
mypy src/
```

## Docker

```bash
docker build -t blades_of_the_fallen_realm .
docker run --rm blades_of_the_fallen_realm
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License — see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
